is coming on-screen.
42% of our forces are still alive,
including the injured.
Our active military strength
is estimated to be less than 30%.
Damn it!
I can't believe they trampled
over us in such a short time.
Well, they did take advantage
of the chaos
to crush our chain of command.
What's the status of the captains?!
Squad 2 Captain Soi Fon is injured.
Lieutenant Omaeda is transporting her
to the first-aid station.
Squad 10 Captain Hitsugaya's
Spiritual Pressure
has disappeared
after his last battle!
Lieutenant Matsumoto's condition
is unknown.
Squad 11 Captain Zaraki is
not responding to our hails…
Ignore Squad 11.
What about the rest?
Squad 3 Captain Ohtoribashi and
Squad 9 Captain Muguruma are okay.
They are currently assessing
the situation in the surrounding areas.
At this rate,
the surviving squad members
will just be hunted down.
How pathetic!
Getting all worked up just because
their superiors were killed…
Don't they know how to
think and act for themselves?
POST INVASION –
FORMER SQUAD 1 BARRACKS
Hey there, Captain Kurotsuchi!
Rejoice, Head Captain.
While you were busy sipping tea
with the enemy,
our forces are down to 30%.
Unfortunately, I ran out of tea.
Just so you know, the enemy was
about to sip on my blood.
Humph. If you're still alive,
then do your job.
"FROM: KYORAKU"
I've put you through
to all squad members.
But it's only 30%,
so even someone like you
should be able to manage.
I appreciate your fair assessment
of my capabilities.
Attention all squad members.
POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 5 BARRACKS
We've sent the latest map
to your devices.
POST INVASION – NEAR FORMER
SQUAD 3 BARRACKS PASSAGEWAY
POST INVASION –
FORMERLY SQUAD 11 BARRACKS
The enemy invasion has changed
the topography.
"SQUAD 2, 7, 9, 11, 12 BARRACKS"
The red symbols on the map
indicate the location of
the remaining barracks.
POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 13 BARRACKS
Regardless of your squad,
POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 8 BARRACKS
rendezvous at the nearest barracks
POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 6 BARRACKS
and get your orders from
a senior officer.
POST INVASION –
NEAR FORMER SQUAD 9 BARRACKS
Don't exhaust yourselves by
continuing to fight on your own.
All right.
Time to regroup.
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything…
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH:
THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
You got knocked out without anything
to show for your training.
Such a pathetic lieutenant.
Are you with these boys?
Captain of Squad 9,
Kensei Muguruma.
I'm the captain of
the sleeveless one there.
A captain!
How wonderful!
Ordinarily, you'd make
an extremely worthy adversary,
but I'm afraid I'm on my way
to investigate
an extremely conspicuous
fallen object.
Come now, don't say that.
You have two captains
you can take on.
I think we're quite
excellent adversaries
if you want to make a name
for yourself.
Oh?
In that case, come at me!
Don't worry, we won't take
too much of your time.
Bankai!
Tekken Tachikaze!
Since you insist…
I'll finish you off in ten counts!
What the hell is this?
Unbelievable…
You're telling me that idiot lost
to an attack like this?!
Hurts, doesn't it?
My Tachikaze is a Zanpakuto
that can cause
its sword trajectory to explode.
And my Tekken Tachikaze
is a Bankai
that crams the force of
those explosions into my fists.
That explosive power…
…will assault you endlessly as long as
my fist stays in contact with you.
Blast away!
Looks like he won't be needing
any help from me.
N-No way…
You can't lose, Mister!
Mister!
Oh, great…
The enemy was so weak
that it's making us look like
the bad guys here…
N-No, that's not it…
Captain…!
Huh?
Oh, you're awake.
You need to get rid of
that little guy first!
Please get up, Superstar!
I am "S"!
"The Superstar,"
Mask De Masculine!
STERN RITTER "S" –
MASK DE MASCULINE
Star Eagle Kick!
Star Headbutt!
Damn it!
Don't get cocky!
You can do it, Superstar!
That's not gonna work on me—
not a bit!
You won't need a ten count.
M-Mister!
James!
Curses!
How dare you harm an innocent fan!
You dirty coward!
Loud and noisy guests are
not welcome at my dance.
Kensei gave everything he had
to create this opportunity.
I can't let it go to waste.
So let's raise the curtains.
Bankai.
Kinshara Butodan.
Kinshara Butodan is
a dance troupe of death.
The price of admission
is your life.
Tonight's first program…
"Sea Drift."
W-What is this?
Is this water?!
Now sing to the tune of
the churning sea...
your song of pain and dread.
Very nice.
For the second program…
"Prometheus."
Impossible!
No Zanpakuto can manipulate both
fire and water at the same time!
This must be
some sort of deception!
That's right.
My technique is deception.
But deceptions are what always
captivate the hearts of others.
The boiling magma is
the wrath of the earth.
Stomp to it with your despair…
I control "music."
The deceptive melody that
echoes in your ears
will captivate your heart.
When your heart is captivated
by my spell,
you will burn and
breathe your last.
Now to play a fitting program
for your end.
The third program…
"Ein Heldenleben"!
Covering your ears won't help…
Did you…rupture your eardrums?
The villain shall die by
the hero's beam of light!
Hm?
Quite the vitality for a villain!
Unacceptable!
Die!
Did you just deflect my Star Flash?
Who are you supposed to be?!
A villain.
Rukia, take care of Captain Muguruma
and Captain Ohtoribashi.
Let's not waste our time.
I'll take care of him by myself.
Understood.
He's no match for what you are now.
He's all yours.
Huh?
Are you sure you don't want
to double-team me?
Villains are dirty cowards,
after all,
so feel free to use
any dirty means necessary.
Thanks.
In that case, I'll fight like
a coward and defeat you.
You seem to have said something cool,
but as you can see,
my eardrums are ruptured
so I can't hear a thing!
Hey, James!
Yes, sir!
Cheer up!
Superstar!
Ah, that feels a lot better!
My eardrums are healed!
I can hear better than ever!
How's that, villain?
As a test, go ahead
and say something.
James!
That was dirty, you bastard!
Didn't you know?
Villains are dirty cowards,
after all.
Their Spiritual Pressures
are growing weaker…
I need to hurry.
But there is nowhere to treat them
without the enemy seeing us…
This Spiritual Pressure
belongs to…!
POST INVASION – FORMER SQUAD
4 BARRACKS FIRST-AID STATION
Please bring them to me.
Someone give me a hand over here. Hurry!
Kuchiki!
Captain Muguruma and Captain Ohtoribashi
are critically injured.
They need to be
treated immediately.
A hero of justice shouldn't
hide his face
like some petty masked thief.
Y-Y-Y-You can do it!
Superstar!
You can do it, Superstar!
My sacred mask…
How dare you scratch
the soul of a masked man!
Star Power-up…complete!
Your time is over, villain!
You can die now!
Why does your mask change
by powering up?
Special kill!
Star Lariat!
Star!
You can no longer rest your hand
against a wall
or keep your feet on the ground!
Star Rocket Punch!
Star! Star! Star! Star!
Star Murder Punch!
Star, Star, Star, Star,
Star, Star, Star, Star!
Star, Star, Star!
Star!
You will stay in the air
like this forever!
And then…!
Die by the hands of
the Superstar's divine power!
You will turn to dust,
never to return to the ground!
You are so cool, Superstar!
Take this.
Star Flash…
Supernova!
Huh? Wait…
Super…star…?
Not to worry, James!!
You and I are one as star and fan!
As long as I'm alive,
you will eventually
come back to life!
But more importantly…
Farewell, villain!!
A giant snake skull?
Is that his Bankai?
He must have activated it
in his final moments,
out of desperation.
How pitiful.
What?
What is going on?
Is Bankai…supposed to change
its form like that?!
"Hihio Zabimaru."
SQUAD ZERO RIDEN – HYOSUBE'S RIDEN
Renji, that name is a lie.
What? It's a lie?!
More precisely,
that's only half of its name.
What's that supposed to mean?!
It means this one only partially
acknowledges you.
You're kidding me, right?
But we've fought together
for so long…
Wait…
How do you even know
about all of this?
I came up with
the name "Zanpakuto."
What…?
"Shikai" and "Bankai," as well.
I was the first to name
every phenomenon
that occur in the Soul Society.
What…are you?!
The name given to me by
the Soul King is "Manako Osho."
Huh?
It means "speaking the true name."
I'm going to tell you
the true name of Zabimaru's Bankai.
You must prove your strength
to Zabimaru
so you can summon it by that name!
Right here and now!
Bankai…
So-Oh Zabimaru.
That Bankai is dangerous…
It is.
It took a lot of hard work before
I was able to speak that name.
At this moment,
my soul is burning up in flames
with a sense of justice
to defeat you!
Hihioh!
Th-This is nothing…!
You damn piece of shit!
How dare you crush
a star's left arm!
You're gonna pay for this,
you nobody!
I don't give a shit about
justice or evil anymore!
You are so dead!
Orochioh.
So-Oh Zabimaru…!
Zaga Teppo!
Did you burn yourself out?
But that's what you wanted, right?
Superstar.
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
So James is dead…
You did well.
Now return…
Come back to me.
What just…?
His Majesty Yhwach is asleep.
Only while he sleeps
can he return to being
the father of Quincies
to build up his strength.
His sleep must not be interrupted.
But why are you here?
His Majesty and I are connected…
Or should I say, His Majesty is
connected to all Quincies.
But you already know that.
Yes…
But do you know why His Majesty
possesses such powers?
What sort of being His Majesty is?
I'm guessing not even
your grandfather, Soken Ishida,
was able to figure it out.
I suppose I can tell you…
being that you are
His Majesty's successor.
"There is no difference between living
and being allowed to live."
"Just as there is no difference
between dying and being killed."